E2e test restore backup (#2619)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test/backup-restore.md

> # Backup and Restore E2E Tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Backup and restore E2E tests
```

## Overview

> This project contains the end to end tests that it runs as part of the Kyma on Google Cloud Platform. The tests is written in Go. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains end-to-end tests that it runs as part of the  Kyma on Google Cloud Platform installation. The tests are written in Go. 
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we can add an introductory sentence here, like:
```
The end-to-end test scenario looks as follows:

```

Author: I updated and changed the documentation a bit. Could you take a look again?

> - Create resources on Kyma Cluster (e.g. functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create resources, such as functions on the Kyma cluster.
```

> - Backup Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backup the cluster.
```

> - Recreate Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recreate the cluster.
```

> - Restore Data and check if the restored resources are working like expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restore data and check if the restored resources work as expected.
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Will there be something under this section?

Author: added by one of the previous commits

# Backup and restore E2E tests

## Overview

> This project contains end-to-end tests that it runs as part of the  Kyma on Google Cloud Platform installation. The tests are written in Go. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains end-to-end tests run during Kyma installation on Google Cloud Platform. The tests are written in Go. 
```

The end-to-end test scenario looks as follows:

> - Create a new namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new Namespace.
```

> - Create a new function in the namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new function in the Namespace.
```

> - Verify that the function works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify that the function works.
```

> - Backup the namespace and all the resources in the namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Back up the Namespace and all the resources in it.
```

> - Remove the namespace and all its components from the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the Namespace and all its components from the cluster.
```

> - Restore the namespace and its content from the backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restore the Namespace and its content from the backup.
```

> - Verify the function contained in the restored namespace works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify if the function contained in the restored Namespace works.
```

## Usage

> In order to run this end-to-end test just run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to run the test:

```

```
helm install deploy/chart/backup-test --namespace end-to-end --name backup-test
helm test backup-test
```

> The test creates a new namespace called `restore-test-<UUID>`. This namespace contains all resources created during the test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test creates a new Namespace called `restore-test-<UUID>`. This Namespace contains all resources created during the test.
```
